Add changelog for dune 3.9.0 (#1357)
ocaml/v3.ocaml.org: data/changelog/dune/2023-06-30-dune-3.9.0.md

    available targets and aliases in a given directory respectively. ([#7770](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7770),
    grants [#265](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/265), @Alizter)
  
  - Extensions used in `(dialect)` can contain periods (e.g., `cppo.ml`). ([#7782](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7782),
    fixes [#7777](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7777), @nojb)
  
  - The `interface` and `implementation` fields of a `(dialect)` are now optional
    ([#7757](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7757), @gpetiot)

  - Add `(build_if)` to the `(test)` stanza. When it evaluates to false, the
    executable is not built. ([#7899](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7899), fixes [#6938](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/6938), @emillon)
  
  - Allow `(include_subdirs qualified)` to be used when libraries define a
    `(modules ...)` field ([#7797](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7797), fixes [#7597](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7597), @anmonteiro)
  
  - Allow multiple globs in library's `(stdlib (internal_modules ..))`
    (@anmonteiro, [#7878](https://github.com/ocaml/dune/pull/7878))
  
  ## Changed
  

>   - Do not re-run OCaml syntax files on every iteration of the watch mode. This

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Do not rerun OCaml syntax files on every iteration of the watch mode. This
```
